ceph: add support to run all ceph command (#94)
red-hat-storage/odf-cli: docs/ceph.md

> # Ceph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Ceph Commands
```

> This used to run any ceph cli command with with arbitrary args.

Reviewer: How about an intro sentence to the overall doc?
```suggestion
Commands in this doc are an alternate to running the toolbox pod. 

## ceph

This used to run any ceph cli command with with arbitrary args.
```

## Examples

```bash
odf ceph status

#   cluster:
#     id:     b74c18dd-6ee3-44fe-90b5-ed12feac46a4
#     health: HEALTH_OK
#
#   services:
#     mon: 3 daemons, quorum a,b,c (age 62s)
#     mgr: a(active, since 23s)
#     osd: 1 osds: 1 up (since 12s), 1 in (since 30s)
#
#   data:
#     pools:   0 pools, 0 pg
#     objects: 0 objects, 0 B
#     usage:   0 B used, 0 B / 0 B avail
#     pgs:
```

> This also supports all the ceph supported flags like `--format json-pretty`

Reviewer: Remove the second example, just one example needed for each command IMO

#         "c"
#     ],
#     "quorum_age": 67,
#     "monmap": {
#         "epoch": 3,
#         "min_mon_release_name": "quincy",
#         "num_mons": 3
#     },
#     "osdmap": {
#         "epoch": 13,
#         "num_osds": 1,
#         "num_up_osds": 1,
#         "osd_up_since": 1663145830,
#         "num_in_osds": 1,
#         "osd_in_since": 1663145812,
#         "num_remapped_pgs": 0
#     },
#     "pgmap": {
#         "pgs_by_state": [],
#         "num_pgs": 0,
#         "num_pools": 0,
#         "num_objects": 0,
#         "data_bytes": 0,
#         "bytes_used": 0,
#         "bytes_avail": 0,
#         "bytes_total": 0
#     },
#     "fsmap": {
#         "epoch": 1,
#         "by_rank": [],
#         "up:standby": 0
#     },
#     "mgrmap": {
#         "available": false,
#         "num_standbys": 0,
#         "modules": [
#             "dashboard",
#             "iostat",
#             "nfs",
#             "prometheus",
#             "restful"
#         ],
#         "services": {}
#     },
#     "servicemap": {
#         "epoch": 1,
#         "modified": "2022-09-14T08:55:39.603658+0000",
#         "services": {}
#     },
#     "progress_events": {}
# }
```

> ## Daemon

Reviewer: The title can be the command name, including lower case
```suggestion
## ceph daemon
```

Run the Ceph daemon command by connecting to its admin socket.

```bash
odf ceph daemon osd.0 dump_historic_ops

Info: running 'ceph' command with args: [daemon osd.0 dump_historic_ops]
{
    "size": 20,
    "duration": 600,
    "ops": []
}
```

> # Rados

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# rados
```

This used to run any rados cli command with with arbitrary args.

> ## Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

```bash
odf rados df

# POOL_NAME     USED  OBJECTS  CLONES  COPIES  MISSING_ON_PRIMARY  UNFOUND  DEGRADED  RD_OPS      RD  WR_OPS       WR  USED COMPR  UNDER COMPR
# .mgr       452 KiB        2       0       2                   0        0         0      22  18 KiB      14  262 KiB         0 B          0 B

# total_objects    2
# total_used       27 MiB
# total_avail      10 GiB
# total_space      10 GiB
```

> This also supports all the rados supported flags like `--format json-pretty`

Reviewer: I'd suggest let's keep this doc very simple, with just one example. So perhaps remove lines 133-164?

```bash
odf rados df --format json-pretty

# {
#     "pools": [
#         {
#             "name": ".mgr",
#             "id": 1,
#             "size_bytes": 462848,
#             "size_kb": 452,
#             "num_objects": 2,
#             "num_object_clones": 0,
#             "num_object_copies": 2,
#             "num_objects_missing_on_primary": 0,
#             "num_objects_unfound": 0,
#             "num_objects_degraded": 0,
#             "read_ops": 22,
#             "read_bytes": 18432,
#             "write_ops": 14,
#             "write_bytes": 268288,
#             "compress_bytes_used": 0,
#             "compress_under_bytes": 0
#         }
#     ],
#     "total_objects": 2,
#     "total_used": 27404,
#     "total_avail": 10458356,
#     "total_space": 10485760
# }
```

> # RBD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# rbd
```

Commands in this doc are an alternate to running the toolbox pod.

> # Ceph Commnads

Reviewer: I was thinking to have the level 1 header at the top, then each level-2 header would have the name of the command, like this:
```
# Ceph Commnads

Commands in this doc are an alternate to running the toolbox pod.

## ceph
```

Author: DOne

# Ceph Commnads

Commands in this doc are an alternate to running the toolbox pod.

## ceph

> This used to run any ceph cli command with with arbitrary args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `ceph` cli command with with arbitrary args.
```

### Example

```bash
odf ceph status

#   cluster:
#     id:     b74c18dd-6ee3-44fe-90b5-ed12feac46a4
#     health: HEALTH_OK
#
#   services:
#     mon: 3 daemons, quorum a,b,c (age 62s)
#     mgr: a(active, since 23s)
#     osd: 1 osds: 1 up (since 12s), 1 in (since 30s)
#
#   data:
#     pools:   0 pools, 0 pg
#     objects: 0 objects, 0 B
#     usage:   0 B used, 0 B / 0 B avail
#     pgs:
```

## ceph daemon

Run the Ceph daemon command by connecting to its admin socket.

```bash
odf ceph daemon osd.0 dump_historic_ops

Info: running 'ceph' command with args: [daemon osd.0 dump_historic_ops]
{
    "size": 20,
    "duration": 600,
    "ops": []
}
```

## rados

> This used to run any rados cli command with with arbitrary args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run any `rados` cli command with with arbitrary args.
```

### Example

```bash
odf rados df

# POOL_NAME     USED  OBJECTS  CLONES  COPIES  MISSING_ON_PRIMARY  UNFOUND  DEGRADED  RD_OPS      RD  WR_OPS       WR  USED COMPR  UNDER COMPR
# .mgr       452 KiB        2       0       2                   0        0         0      22  18 KiB      14  262 KiB         0 B          0 B

# total_objects    2
# total_used       27 MiB
# total_avail      10 GiB
# total_space      10 GiB
```

## rbd

> This used to run any rbd cli command with with arbitrary args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run any `rbd` cli command with with arbitrary args.
```

### Example

```bash
odf rbd ls replicapool

# csi-vol-427774b4-340b-11ed-8d66-0242ac110004
```

## radosgw-admin

> This runs any radosgw-admin CLI command with arbitrary args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run any `radosgw-admin` CLI command with arbitrary args.
```

Author: done
